we are in touch with you nursery in
September we take up 75 children aged
from nought to 8 years were split into
three rooms we have our little lands
which is are not two year old we have
our busy babies which is our two to
three and our wise hours which would be
over three I think one of the best
features that the ministry's got the
outdoor player areas we've got an area
that's a racetrack in area that has a
pirate ship in it which is about 60 foot
long the children
we've also got an area that would make
them plant even if there are other
fruits and vegetables we picked this
nursery we love the semi-rural aspect of
all the facilities especially the play
area everything's brand-new into a very
high standard fantastic so I think they
bring qualities like their energy and
their enthusiasm we follow the IFS which
is the earliest foundation stage this
ensures that children learn and develop
well they're kept safe and healthy each
child that attends the nursery has their
own learning journey parents are
encouraged to access these at any time
that their way
each of the children also have a diary
that we send home daily as well and
these an opportunity to levels at
nursery know what your children are
doing at home and likewise it allows us
to tell you what your child's days
entail so we'll cover things like what
they've eaten throughout the day what
they've done what they've liked what
they've not liked if they've slept and
all the important details
to be honest it really has exceeded my
expectations because Louie has only been
coming here for three weeks now and at
weekends he sang when I go back to their
serene mummy so obviously he's fitting
in very very well he just seemed so
happy and obviously as a mother I
couldn't be happier outside there is the
most amazing pirate ship
New Year's obsessed with it likes going
on the racetrack as well one of the key
features for me is Lewis mother I'm safe
in the knowledge that Louie can play in
the back gardens safely and obviously
the door is locked so he can't go out
and run around security is another
important factor for us we have a secure
walkway from the carpark we also have an
entry system where we read was parents
into the nursery we have a coded door
system the CCTV in all the areas that
the children access food is something
that's really important to us here the
menus are really well thought out and
the nutritious wind sure that the
children get at least five of their five
a day
beyond that most days all the food that
we have at the nurseries home comes
we've been working with the hedge
noms or staff sit with the children to
have the meals and star encourage two
weeks along with them as well as we find
that this really encourages children and
sets a good example the only thing that
you need to bring to nursery for your
child is a spare set of clothes in case
they have any accidents we supply in a
peach cream to some crazed everything
why choose that with new nursery of your
child we really feel that we've created
something very special here it's an
amazing setting it's been beautifully
done and it's a stunning location